Privacy Policy

                Introduction

                Welcome to Shree Gajanan Technologies. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information when you visit our e-commerce website (the "Site"). By accessing or using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

                Information We Collect

                Personal Information: We may collect personal information that you provide to us directly, such as your name, email address, phone number, billing information, and shipping address when you make a purchase or create an account.
                Log Data: Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
                Cookies: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Site and hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
                How We Use Your Information

                We use the collected data for various purposes:

                To provide and maintain our Site
                To notify you about changes to our Site
                To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site when you choose to do so
                To provide customer support
                To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Site
                To monitor the usage of our Site
                To detect, prevent, and address technical